Q: How to install the web bbs system?
A: Just as many of the unix GPL software. Run the following command.
  $ ./configure
  $ make
  $ make install
   Then start httpd on console.

Q: It reports error when compiling.
A: I've tested this software in only cygwin(Linux), OSF1 and FreeBSD.
   It may has problem when running in other platform. If you encounter
   this problem, you can mail me the detail error message so I can go
   into it.

Q: It reports error when linking.
A: My web bbs is developed for Yat-sen Channel, Zhongshan University.
   It needs libSystem to link. libSystem can be found in PukeBBSD, a
   bbsd telnet version maintained by monster. Or you can contract me
   to mail you one.

Q: Can it work together with my FireBird?
A: No. The format of boards and anouncement is different from any
   FireBird version in the world. You should use PukeBBSD as your
   telnet version.

Q: How can I change my FireBird to PukeBBSD without losing data?
A: In fact this is not a Sanry-webbsd question, but we will be
   grad to offer you a converting program to change the modern
   FireBird data format to PukeBBSD format. However, because
   PukeBBSD has extended the data structure, so old data doesn't
   have new functions supported by PukeBBSD.

Q: If I just want a www version...
A: That's OK. Sanry-webbsd can work without telnet version bbsd,
   and it doesn't need Apache, either.

Q: I found a bug.
A: So good. If you can give a patch, please mail a copy to me. If not, 
   you are kind to mail me a BUG description, including the operation to 
   reproduce the BUG.

Q: How can I get the new version?
A: Inside Zhongshan University campus, just login ftp://211.66.128.194/bbs, 
   If you are outside ZSU, contract me to mail you one.

Q: I still have problem...
A: You can come to bbs.sysu.edu.cn, post your question in Bugreport board.


Thanks to zhch. I use his njuwebbs as a base system.

Thanks to monster. I borrow some codes from his PukeBBSD. He also offer me 
  some details about telnet version's implement, and help me to test the 
  web code.

Thanks to sasa, my girlfriend. I use a lot of time to write code, not to 
  go out shopping with you.

Thanks to argo's sitemates. They report bugs to me and give me suggestions.

				Henry (henryouly.bbs@bbs.sysu.edu.cn)
				2003.2.18
